>> Mike North: So the next thing I wanna
do is deal with the idea of a link.
So who can tell me what happens if
I create just an A tag the way you
would create a link in static HTML?
If I were to create that and
click on that, what am I telling a browser
to do,
>> Mike North: In static HTML land?
>> Speaker 2: Navigate.
>> Mike North: Navigate,
that's a full page load,
a full document request that
you make to another page.
And that's not what we
want in a single page app.
We want a native-like experience.
The whole point of a single page app
is you load once at the beginning and
then we create the illusion of page
loads by tearing down some HTML and
replacing it with some other stuff.
And we get this nice opportunity
to have a loading spinner or
something like that while we wait
to go from point A to point B.
So we can't just have a regular
link like we would have if we were
using HTML with no Java Script,
multiple very static pages.
So Amber gives us a tool for this and
what we're gonna do as an example for
a link is hook up this
logout button that's in,
if you go to slash teams and look at
the bottom of the sidebar in the chat UI,
here is this log out button and
currently clicking it does nothing.
But it's pretty reasonable to
assume that if you log out
maybe one should find themselves
at the log in screen, right?
They're not authenticated anymore, they
sorta have been exited out of the app.
So,
>> Mike North: Let's make this change.
We're going to go to
app/templates/components,
and the team-sidebar.
That's where this button exists, and we're
gonna see if we can find it at the bottom.
There it is, Logout, and it's a button so
we're gonna change this.
We don't wanna alter the the resultant
HTML, but we're gonna change this so
that it uses Ember's routing mechanism.
And we'll do this by changing the button
to a component that comes with Ember
for free.
>> Mike North: And it's called link two,
and if we were to save this,
we've got problems and
the error is telling us we
must provide at least
one of the following.
Route model or models or a query.
So this is telling us that, okay,
you've attempted to create a link, but
you haven't told me what the destination
is, it needs more information.
So we'll give it that information.
What's the name of the page
with the sign in screen,
with the route that we just created?
>> Speaker 3: Log in.
>> Mike North: Log in, great.
Login so that's where we're going.
And we can leave this class string as is,
we don't have to touch it.
This is one of the great things
about glymour components.
This is very clearly something that
we're passing to the component for use.
It's data that's gonna be used somewhere,
HTML attributes like this.
They can sorta be passed
through very naturally.
So you can treat it like you
would treat a div or spam.
So we've got route login and
if we save that, no more error message.
But if I inspect this thing I can
see that in this nice tool tip here
it's kinda hard to see but there's
an a tag it's not a button anymore.
Well, we can customize this a little
bit by just saying tagname button and
now we don't get the underlining behavior
and if we hover over that thing.
Now we can see that it is in
fact a button, so that's great.
>> Mike North: And let's just
make sure our tests are passing.
>> Mike North: They are, so
this is the end of Step5,
we have added routing to our application.